[libc++][CI] Reenables clang-tidy. (#90077)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/test/tools/clang_tidy_checks/CMakeLists.txt

                 "clang-tidy headers are not present.")
  return()
endif()

> # The clangTidy plugin uses C++20, when using stdlibc++ verify the version is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The clangTidy plugin uses C++20, so ensure that we support C++20 when using libstdc++.
# This is required because some versions of libstdc++ used as a system library on build platforms
# we support do not support C++20 yet.
```

# Note it has not been tested whether version 11 works.
file(WRITE "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/test.cpp" "
#include <version>
#if defined(_GLIBCXX_RELEASE) && _GLIBCXX_RELEASE < 12

>   # error The stdlibc++ version is too old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # error The libstdc++ version is too old.
```
